Explain confidential checkbox on gitlab issues (#644)
civicrm/civicrm-dev-docs: docs/tools/issue-tracking.md

Use the Labels field to apply any relevant labels to your issue.

#### Confidentiality {:#confidentiality}

> Issues can be marked Confidential, which is a middle ground between being public and high security. If you have a security issue then consider instead reporting it as described at [Reporting Vulnerabilities](/security/reporting/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues can be marked Confidential, this is a useful "middle ground" status for issues which perhaps shouldn't be public but which are **not** security issues. If you have a security issue please report it as described at [Reporting a Security Vulnerability](/security/reporting/).
```

This could be a little more explicit.

> In GitLab a user can be either anonymous (no account), have a GitLab account but not be a project member, or be a project member. The confidential checkbox on issues will hide it from the first two.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In GitLab a user can be either anonymous (no account), have a GitLab account but not be a project member, or be a project member. The confidential checkbox on issues will hide it from anonymous users and non-project members.
```

Simple tweak for clarity.

> Anyone with an account can create confidential issues, but non-project members will only see their own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone with an account can create confidential issues, but non-project members will only see their own. Please use confidential issues only where appropriate - transparency is important in our development processes and most development/code-related issues should be public.
```
